README.md, before:

<div align="center">

  `openssl_provider_forge`

  <br />
  <a href="#about"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
  <br />
  <br />
  <a href="https://github.com/qubip/openssl-provider-forge-rs/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&template=01_BUG_REPORT.md&title=bug%3A+">Report a Bug</a>
  ·
  <a href="https://github.com/qubip/openssl-provider-forge-rs/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement&template=02_FEATURE_REQUEST.md&title=feat%3A+">Request a Feature</a>
  ·
  <a href="https://github.com/qubip/openssl-provider-forge-rs/issues/new?assignees=&labels=question&template=04_SUPPORT_QUESTION.md&title=support%3A+">Ask a Question</a>
</div>

<div align="center">
<br />

[![Project license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/qubip/openssl-provider-forge-rs.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)

[![Pull Requests welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/qubip/openssl-provider-forge-rs/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22help+wanted%22)
[![code with love by qubip](https://img.shields.io/badge/%3C%2F%3E%20with%20%E2%99%A5%20by-qubip%2Fnisec-ff1414.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/orgs/QUBIP/teams/nisec)

</div>

> [!CAUTION]
>
> ### Development in Progress
>
> This project is **currently in development** and **not yet ready for production use**.
>
> **Expect changes** to occur from time to time, and at this stage, some features may be unavailable.

<details open="open">
<summary>Table of Contents</summary>

- [About](#about)
<!--
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
!-->
<!--
- [Usage](#usage)
!-->
- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
- [Support](#support)
- [Project assistance](#project-assistance)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Authors & contributors](#authors--contributors)
- [Security](#security)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

</details>

---

## About

`openssl_provider_forge` is a Rust crate which
contains FFI (Foreign Function Interface) bindings
for `OpenSSL 3.2+`,
specifically for its `Core` and `Provider` API.

This is different from the [`rust-openssl`][crates:rust-openssl] crate,
which provides OpenSSL bindings for Rust applications.

In this crate, instead, we define constants and types
useful to author [OpenSSL Providers][ossl:man:provider]
written in Rust.
The goal of this crate is to facilitate
interactions with [OpenSSL Core][ossl:man:core],
without a need to actually link or depend on a specific
OpenSSL binary.

Particularly these abstractions cover:

- [`openssl-core`][ossl:man:core]
- [`openssl-provider-base`][ossl:man:provider-base]

(and their dependencies).

[ossl:man:provider]: https://docs.openssl.org/3.2/man7/provider/
[ossl:man:provider-base]: https://docs.openssl.org/3.2/man7/provider-base/
[ossl:man:core]: https://docs.openssl.org/3.2/man7/openssl-core.h/
[crates:rust-openssl]: https://crates.io/crates/openssl

> [!NOTE]
> **Note on naming conventions**
>
> The name of the repository follows `Github` conventions,
> while the name of the corresponding crate
> follows `crates.io` conventions,
> so the former is `openssl-provider-forge-rs`
> while the latter is `openssl_provider_forge`.

<!--
## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

> **[?]**
> What are the project requirements/dependencies?

### Installation

> **[?]**
> Describe how to install and get started with the project.
!-->

<!--
## Usage

> **[?]**
> How does one go about using it?
> Provide various use cases and code examples here.
!-->

## Roadmap

See the [open issues](https://github.com/qubip/openssl-provider-forge-rs/issues) for a list of proposed features (and known issues).

- [Top Feature Requests](https://github.com/qubip/openssl-provider-forge-rs/issues?q=label%3Aenhancement+is%3Aopen+sort%3Areactions-%2B1-desc) (Add your votes using the 👍 reaction)
- [Top Bugs](https://github.com/qubip/openssl-provider-forge-rs/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Abug+sort%3Areactions-%2B1-desc) (Add your votes using the 👍 reaction)
- [Newest Bugs](https://github.com/qubip/openssl-provider-forge-rs/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Abug)

## Support

Reach out to the maintainers at one of the following places:

- [GitHub issues](https://github.com/qubip/openssl-provider-forge-rs/issues/new?assignees=&labels=question&template=04_SUPPORT_QUESTION.md&title=support%3A+)
- <security@romen.dev> to disclose security issues according to our [security documentation](docs/SECURITY.md).
- <coc@romen.dev> to report violations of our [Code of Conduct](docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Project assistance

If you want to say **thank you** or/and support active development:

- Add a [GitHub Star](https://github.com/qubip/openssl-provider-forge-rs) to the project.
- Mention this project on your social media of choice.
- Write interesting articles about the project, and cite us.

Together, we can make `openssl_provider_forge` **better**!

## Contributing

The GitHub repository primarily serves as a mirror,
and will be updated every time a new version is released.
It might not always be updated with the latest commits in between releases.
However, contributions are still very welcome!

Please read [our contribution guidelines](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md), and thank you for being involved!

## Authors & contributors

The original setup of this repository is by [NISEC](https://github.com/orgs/QUBIP/teams/nisec).

For a full list of all authors and contributors, see [the contributors page](https://github.com/qubip/openssl-provider-forge-rs/contributors).

## Security

In this project, we aim to follow good security practices, but 100% security cannot be assured.
This crate is provided **"as is"** without any **warranty**. Use at your own risk.

_For more information and to report security issues, please refer to our [security documentation](docs/SECURITY.md)._

## License

This project is licensed under the **Apache Software License 2.0**.

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.

## Acknowledgements

This work has been developed within the QUBIP project (https://www.qubip.eu),
funded by the European Union under the Horizon Europe framework programme
[grant agreement no. 101119746](https://doi.org/10.3030/101119746).

Commit message:

feat(docs): add GPG keys for secure communication
- Added details about GPG keys to README.md for encrypting reports.
- Updated SECURITY.md with GPG key information for `security@romen.dev`
  and `coc@romen.dev`.
- Included the public key files for both email addresses.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

  `openssl_provider_forge`

  <br />
  <a href="#about"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
  <br />
  <br />
  <a href="https://github.com/qubip/openssl-provider-forge-rs/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&template=01_BUG_REPORT.md&title=bug%3A+">Report a Bug</a>
  ·
  <a href="https://github.com/qubip/openssl-provider-forge-rs/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement&template=02_FEATURE_REQUEST.md&title=feat%3A+">Request a Feature</a>
  ·
  <a href="https://github.com/qubip/openssl-provider-forge-rs/issues/new?assignees=&labels=question&template=04_SUPPORT_QUESTION.md&title=support%3A+">Ask a Question</a>
</div>

<div align="center">
<br />

[![Project license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/qubip/openssl-provider-forge-rs.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)

[![Pull Requests welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/qubip/openssl-provider-forge-rs/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22help+wanted%22)
[![code with love by qubip](https://img.shields.io/badge/%3C%2F%3E%20with%20%E2%99%A5%20by-qubip%2Fnisec-ff1414.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/orgs/QUBIP/teams/nisec)

</div>

> [!CAUTION]
>
> ### Development in Progress
>
> This project is **currently in development** and **not yet ready for production use**.
>
> **Expect changes** to occur from time to time, and at this stage, some features may be unavailable.

<details open="open">
<summary>Table of Contents</summary>

- [About](#about)
<!--
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
!-->
<!--
- [Usage](#usage)
!-->
- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
- [Support](#support)
- [Project assistance](#project-assistance)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Authors & contributors](#authors--contributors)
- [Security](#security)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

</details>

---

## About

`openssl_provider_forge` is a Rust crate which
contains FFI (Foreign Function Interface) bindings
for `OpenSSL 3.2+`,
specifically for its `Core` and `Provider` API.

This is different from the [`rust-openssl`][crates:rust-openssl] crate,
which provides OpenSSL bindings for Rust applications.

In this crate, instead, we define constants and types
useful to author [OpenSSL Providers][ossl:man:provider]
written in Rust.
The goal of this crate is to facilitate
interactions with [OpenSSL Core][ossl:man:core],
without a need to actually link or depend on a specific
OpenSSL binary.

Particularly these abstractions cover:

- [`openssl-core`][ossl:man:core]
- [`openssl-provider-base`][ossl:man:provider-base]

(and their dependencies).

[ossl:man:provider]: https://docs.openssl.org/3.2/man7/provider/
[ossl:man:provider-base]: https://docs.openssl.org/3.2/man7/provider-base/
[ossl:man:core]: https://docs.openssl.org/3.2/man7/openssl-core.h/
[crates:rust-openssl]: https://crates.io/crates/openssl

> [!NOTE]
> **Note on naming conventions**
>
> The name of the repository follows `Github` conventions,
> while the name of the corresponding crate
> follows `crates.io` conventions,
> so the former is `openssl-provider-forge-rs`
> while the latter is `openssl_provider_forge`.

<!--
## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

> **[?]**
> What are the project requirements/dependencies?

### Installation

> **[?]**
> Describe how to install and get started with the project.
!-->

<!--
## Usage

> **[?]**
> How does one go about using it?
> Provide various use cases and code examples here.
!-->

## Roadmap

See the [open issues](https://github.com/qubip/openssl-provider-forge-rs/issues) for a list of proposed features (and known issues).

- [Top Feature Requests](https://github.com/qubip/openssl-provider-forge-rs/issues?q=label%3Aenhancement+is%3Aopen+sort%3Areactions-%2B1-desc) (Add your votes using the 👍 reaction)
- [Top Bugs](https://github.com/qubip/openssl-provider-forge-rs/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Abug+sort%3Areactions-%2B1-desc) (Add your votes using the 👍 reaction)
- [Newest Bugs](https://github.com/qubip/openssl-provider-forge-rs/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Abug)

## Support

Reach out to the maintainers at one of the following places:

- [GitHub issues](https://github.com/qubip/openssl-provider-forge-rs/issues/new?assignees=&labels=question&template=04_SUPPORT_QUESTION.md&title=support%3A+)
- <security@romen.dev> to disclose security issues according to our [security documentation](docs/SECURITY.md).
- <coc@romen.dev> to report violations of our [Code of Conduct](docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
- Details about the GPG keys to encrypt reports are included in our [security documentation](docs/SECURITY.md).

## Project assistance

If you want to say **thank you** or/and support active development:

- Add a [GitHub Star](https://github.com/qubip/openssl-provider-forge-rs) to the project.
- Mention this project on your social media of choice.
- Write interesting articles about the project, and cite us.

Together, we can make `openssl_provider_forge` **better**!

## Contributing

The GitHub repository primarily serves as a mirror,
and will be updated every time a new version is released.
It might not always be updated with the latest commits in between releases.
However, contributions are still very welcome!

Please read [our contribution guidelines](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md), and thank you for being involved!

## Authors & contributors

The original setup of this repository is by [NISEC](https://github.com/orgs/QUBIP/teams/nisec).

For a full list of all authors and contributors, see [the contributors page](https://github.com/qubip/openssl-provider-forge-rs/contributors).

## Security

In this project, we aim to follow good security practices, but 100% security cannot be assured.
This crate is provided **"as is"** without any **warranty**. Use at your own risk.

_For more information and to report security issues, please refer to our [security documentation](docs/SECURITY.md)._

## License

This project is licensed under the **Apache Software License 2.0**.

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.

## Acknowledgements

This work has been developed within the QUBIP project (https://www.qubip.eu),
funded by the European Union under the Horizon Europe framework programme
[grant agreement no. 101119746](https://doi.org/10.3030/101119746).
